Looking at the violin brings back memories of your childhood music lessons. You had played violin with your sister until her tragic death in a carriage spill. You close your eyes briefly in pain, remembering rainy days and how the soft tones she played on the piano wrapped like a silky blanket around the melodies you strung together slowly like individual pearls.
 
The sinewy strings on the violin appear new, not even discolored or unraveled by the inevitable contact you heard with Zann’s busy fingers. You notice that behind the case there is a pile of curled, snapped strings. Perhaps profuse sweating from his obsessed frenetic playing disintegrates new gut strings at such an abnormal rate. You have never seen that many discarded strings at once, perhaps fifty or more. None of them look old, and they all seem snapped by stress rather than frayed by use over time.
 
On an impulse, you reach for the violin and its bow. The violin is cool under your chin. When placed on the strings, the bow is light and quick and almost seems to move on its own.
 
You look at the sheet of music you had taken. You are surprised to see that you recognize it and have actually played it often. It is a piece which is thrown between desperate racing and grand broad vistas of sound. With the pounding introduction in the piano, it was one moment when you had thought Clara might not be able to hold her own musically because of her quiet, sweet disposition. As you had wrung your violin for every bit of its power, you felt a surprising gritty determination well from under you and transport the violin in its sway, its sound at the thudding mercy of the piano’s rhythmic well.
 
Gone is the pounding, forever. You stare at the violin. Almost unwilling, you play the hollow sequential octaves that start the piece. Two notes. The same sound, but separated. Then the composer played a cruel trick. The top note pushed, driven up a half step, then relaxing back to the octave, as if nothing had occurred. Jarring dissonance, but fleeting. The inappropriate closeness of a half step made unbearable by juxtaposition with the largest possible distance, an octave. Were the notes close or far? Unified or clashing? They were clashing from afar, with no hope of being reunited.
 
On Zann’s violin you sadly, despondently play the notes, octave, nineth, octave nineth, wafting plaintively in the air.
 
A distant knocking, perhaps a horse passing in the street.
 
You play on, the beautiful sad melody warming your cheek with tears, as nothing has warmed you for ages. You would like to stop and cry your fill, but the octaves return, harsher. Now it sounds like couriers are racing up and down the street. Or perhaps it it someone in the building, on urgent business. You remember the boarder downstairs has been ill and feverish. Perhaps someone sent for the doctor. The pounding is becoming more urgent, as if time is lacking.
 
The wind has increased. The dark outside the window is no longer just night, but is the pressing dark of brewing clouds. Their black conceals the pressure of hurled rain and electric tension. It is hurling the wild trees to tap their distress against the high panes. “Why won’t the wind let us rest,” they screech across the glass?
 
Still playing the ninths with their impossibly distant resolution, you realize there are no trees this high. Your bedroom’s grimy window looks onto a neighbor’s teetering roof. Zann’s window faces over the city wall into barren mountains and rugged cliffs where darting creatures roam.
 
You try to wrest yourself from the violin’s grip just as the panes smash inwards, spilling her into the room.
